2024/readme.md, before:

# 2024 Data

Datasets with Shiny Apps, Data Visualizations from the 2024 series of `#TidyTuesday` events.

| Week | Date | Data | Source | Article |
|:----:|:----:|:-----|:-------|:--------|

| 4 \| `2024-01-23` \| [Educational attainment of young people in English towns](data/2024/2024-01-23/readme.md) \| [The UK Office for National Statistics](https://www.ons.gov.uk/file?uri=/peoplepopulationandcommunity/educationandchildcare/datasets/educationalattainmentofyoungpeopleinenglishtownsdata/200708201819/youngpeoplesattainmentintownsreferencetable1.xlsx) \| 
[Why do children and young people in smaller towns do better academically than those in larger towns?](https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/educationandchildcare/articles/whydochildrenandyoungpeopleinsmallertownsdobetteracademicallythanthoseinlargertowns/2023-07-25) \|

| 6 \| `2024-02-06` \| [World heritage sites](data/2024/2024-02-06/readme.md) \| [UNESCO World Heritage Sites](https://whc.unesco.org/en/list) \| [1 dataset 100 visualizations](https://100.datavizproject.com/) \|

| 14 \| `2024-04-02` \| [Du Bois Visualization Challenge 2024](2024-04-02/readme.md) \| [Week 10 Data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ajstarks/dubois-data-portraits/master/challenge/2024/challenge10/data.csv) \| [Du Bois Visualization Challenge: 2024](https://github.com/ajstarks/dubois-data-portraits/blob/master/challenge/2024/README.md) \|

| 25 \| `2024-06-18` \| [US Federal Holidays](2024-06-18/readme.md) \| [Wikipedia Federal holidays in the United States](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_holidays_in_the_United_States) \| [Wikipedia Federal holidays in the United States](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_holidays_in_the_United_States) \|

| 52 \| `2024-12-24` \| [Global Holidays and Travel](2024-12-24/readme.md) \| [WorldPop Hub](https://hub.worldpop.org/) \| [Global holiday datasets for understanding seasonal human mobility and population dynamics](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01120-z) \|

Commit message:

Added 2024-11-19 bobs burgers and 2024-10-22 cia factbook

2024/readme.md, after:

# 2024 Data

Datasets with Shiny Apps, Data Visualizations from the 2024 series of `#TidyTuesday` events.

| Week | Date | Data | Source | Article |
|:-------------:|:-------------:|:--------------|:--------------|:--------------|
| 4 | `2024-01-23` | [Educational attainment of young people in English towns](data/2024/2024-01-23/readme.md) | [The UK Office for National Statistics](https://www.ons.gov.uk/file?uri=/peoplepopulationandcommunity/educationandchildcare/datasets/educationalattainmentofyoungpeopleinenglishtownsdata/200708201819/youngpeoplesattainmentintownsreferencetable1.xlsx) | [Why do children and young people in smaller towns do better academically than those in larger towns?](https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/educationandchildcare/articles/whydochildrenandyoungpeopleinsmallertownsdobetteracademicallythanthoseinlargertowns/2023-07-25) |
| 6 | `2024-02-06` | [World heritage sites](data/2024/2024-02-06/readme.md) | [UNESCO World Heritage Sites](https://whc.unesco.org/en/list) | [1 dataset 100 visualizations](https://100.datavizproject.com/) |
| 14 | `2024-04-02` | [Du Bois Visualization Challenge 2024](2024-04-02/readme.md) | [Week 10 Data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ajstarks/dubois-data-portraits/master/challenge/2024/challenge10/data.csv) | [Du Bois Visualization Challenge: 2024](https://github.com/ajstarks/dubois-data-portraits/blob/master/challenge/2024/README.md) |
| 25 | `2024-06-18` | [US Federal Holidays](2024-06-18/readme.md) | [Wikipedia Federal holidays in the United States](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_holidays_in_the_United_States) | [Wikipedia Federal holidays in the United States](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_holidays_in_the_United_States) |
| 47 | `2024-11-19` | [Bob's Burgers Episodes](2024-11-19/readme.md) | [bobsburgersR R Package](https://github.com/poncest/bobsburgersR) | [Bob’s Burgers Episode Fingerprints by Season](https://stevenponce.netlify.app/projects/standalone_visualizations/sa_2024-11-11.html) |
| 52 | `2024-12-24` | [Global Holidays and Travel](2024-12-24/readme.md) | [WorldPop Hub](https://hub.worldpop.org/) | [Global holiday datasets for understanding seasonal human mobility and population dynamics](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01120-z) |
