README.md, before:

# Tidytuesday

Shiny Apps and Data Analysis of TidyTuesday datasets

## DataSets

### [2018](2018) \| [2019](2019) \| [2020](2020) \| [2021](2021) \| [2022](2022) \| [2023](2023) \| [2024](2024)

## 2018 Data

Data with Shiny Apps.

| Week | Date | Data | Source | Article |
|:-------------:|:-------------:|:--------------|:--------------|:--------------|
| 1 | `2018-04-03` | [US Tuition Costs](2018-04-02) | [onlinembapage.com](https://onlinembapage.com/average-tuition-and-educational-attainment-in-the-united-states/) | [onlinembapage.com](https://onlinembapage.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/AverageTuition_Part1b.jpg) |

# 2021 Data

Archive of datasets and articles from the 2021 series of `#TidyTuesday` events.

| Week | Date | Data | Source | Article |
|:----:|:----:|:-----|:-------|:--------|

| 23 \| `2021-06-01` \| [Survivor TV Show](2021-06-01/readme.md) \| [`survivoR` Package](https://github.com/doehm/survivoR) \| [Daniel's Oehm's Website](http://gradientdescending.com/survivor-data-from-the-tv-series-in-r/) \|

## 2024 Data

Datasets with Shiny Apps, Data Visualizations from the 2024 series of `#TidyTuesday` events.

| Week | Date | Data | Source | Article |
|:----:|:----:|:-----|:-------|:--------|

| 4 \| `2024-01-23` \| [Educational attainment of young people in English towns](data/2024/2024-01-23/readme.md) \| [The UK Office for National Statistics](https://www.ons.gov.uk/file?uri=/peoplepopulationandcommunity/educationandchildcare/datasets/educationalattainmentofyoungpeopleinenglishtownsdata/200708201819/youngpeoplesattainmentintownsreferencetable1.xlsx) \|

[Why do children and young people in smaller towns do better academically than those in larger towns?](https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/educationandchildcare/articles/whydochildrenandyoungpeopleinsmallertownsdobetteracademicallythanthoseinlargertowns/2023-07-25) \|

| 6 \| `2024-02-06` \| [World heritage sites](data/2024/2024-02-06/readme.md) \| [UNESCO World Heritage Sites](https://whc.unesco.org/en/list) \| [1 dataset 100 visualizations](https://100.datavizproject.com/) \|

| 14 \| `2024-04-02` \| [Du Bois Visualization Challenge 2024](2024-04-02/readme.md) \| [Week 10 Data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ajstarks/dubois-data-portraits/master/challenge/2024/challenge10/data.csv) \| [Du Bois Visualization Challenge: 2024](https://github.com/ajstarks/dubois-data-portraits/blob/master/challenge/2024/README.md) \|

| 25 \| `2024-06-18` \| [US Federal Holidays](2024-06-18/readme.md) \| [Wikipedia Federal holidays in the United States](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_holidays_in_the_United_States) \| [Wikipedia Federal holidays in the United States](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_holidays_in_the_United_States) \|

| 52 \| `2024-12-24` \| [Global Holidays and Travel](2024-12-24/readme.md) \| [WorldPop Hub](https://hub.worldpop.org/) \| [Global holiday datasets for understanding seasonal human mobility and population dynamics](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01120-z) \|

Commit message:

update of 2018-06-26 app and data

README.md, after:

# Tidytuesday

Shiny Apps and Data Analysis of TidyTuesday datasets

## DataSets

### [2018](2018) \| [2019](2019) \| [2020](2020) \| [2021](2021) \| [2022](2022) \| [2023](2023) \| [2024](2024)

## 2018 Data

Data with Shiny Apps.

| Week | Date | Data | Source | Article |
|:-------------:|:-------------:|:--------------|:--------------|:--------------|
| 1 | `2018-04-03` | [US Tuition Costs](2018-04-02) | [onlinembapage.com](https://onlinembapage.com/average-tuition-and-educational-attainment-in-the-united-states/) | [onlinembapage.com](https://onlinembapage.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/AverageTuition_Part1b.jpg) |

| 13 | `2018-06-26` | [Alcohol Consumption](2018-06-26) | [FiveThirtyEight package](https://github.com/rudeboybert/fivethirtyeight) | [FiveThirtyEight.com](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/dear-mona-followup-where-do-people-drink-the-most-beer-wine-and-spirits/)|


# 2021 Data

Datasets with Shiny Apps, Data Visualizations from the 2021 series of `#TidyTuesday` events.

| Week | Date | Data | Source | Article |
|:----:|:----:|:-----|:-------|:--------|

| 23 \| `2021-06-01` \| [Survivor TV Show](2021-06-01/readme.md) \| [`survivoR` Package](https://github.com/doehm/survivoR) \| [Daniel's Oehm's Website](http://gradientdescending.com/survivor-data-from-the-tv-series-in-r/) \|

## 2024 Data

Datasets with Shiny Apps, Data Visualizations from the 2024 series of `#TidyTuesday` events.

| Week | Date | Data | Source | Article |
|:----:|:----:|:-----|:-------|:--------|

| 4 \| `2024-01-23` \| [Educational attainment of young people in English towns](data/2024/2024-01-23/readme.md) \| [The UK Office for National Statistics](https://www.ons.gov.uk/file?uri=/peoplepopulationandcommunity/educationandchildcare/datasets/educationalattainmentofyoungpeopleinenglishtownsdata/200708201819/youngpeoplesattainmentintownsreferencetable1.xlsx) \|

[Why do children and young people in smaller towns do better academically than those in larger towns?](https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/educationandchildcare/articles/whydochildrenandyoungpeopleinsmallertownsdobetteracademicallythanthoseinlargertowns/2023-07-25) \|

| 6 \| `2024-02-06` \| [World heritage sites](data/2024/2024-02-06/readme.md) \| [UNESCO World Heritage Sites](https://whc.unesco.org/en/list) \| [1 dataset 100 visualizations](https://100.datavizproject.com/) \|

| 14 \| `2024-04-02` \| [Du Bois Visualization Challenge 2024](2024-04-02/readme.md) \| [Week 10 Data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ajstarks/dubois-data-portraits/master/challenge/2024/challenge10/data.csv) \| [Du Bois Visualization Challenge: 2024](https://github.com/ajstarks/dubois-data-portraits/blob/master/challenge/2024/README.md) \|

| 25 \| `2024-06-18` \| [US Federal Holidays](2024-06-18/readme.md) \| [Wikipedia Federal holidays in the United States](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_holidays_in_the_United_States) \| [Wikipedia Federal holidays in the United States](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_holidays_in_the_United_States) \|

| 52 \| `2024-12-24` \| [Global Holidays and Travel](2024-12-24/readme.md) \| [WorldPop Hub](https://hub.worldpop.org/) \| [Global holiday datasets for understanding seasonal human mobility and population dynamics](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-022-01120-z) \|
